== Meeting 2018-05-07

=== Attendees

* Fabian Hauser, fhauser
* Raphael Zimmermann, rzimmerm
* Prof. Dr. Andreas Steffen, SFF

Minute Taker: rzimmerm

=== Agenda

. Review: Test-Drive
. Prioritisation: On what should we focus?
. Presentation Date
. Date and time for the next meeting

=== Discussions / Decisions

. Review: Test-Drive
    * SFF has not been able to try it out yet.
    * SFF wants to have a look at it tomorrow
. Prioritisation: On what should we focus?
    * We discussed all open user stories
    * The core functionality is (almost) complete
    ** Subtopics/Parent Collections view is missing
    ** Subscription view is missing
    ** Persisted Items
    * SFF wants us to add persisted items next
    ** Autocomplete has a low priority for SFF
    * We also discussed the "problematic" user stories, e.g. that a logout mechanism is not possible.
    ** We agree that they are no show-stoppers.
. Presentation Date
    * Prof. Dr. Thomas Bocek is available on 2018-06-27
    * SFF will clarify if this date works for the other groups and the expert as well.
. Date and time for the next meeting
    * SFF is absent on 2018-04-14
    * The meeting is postponed to 2018-05-17, 09:00

=== Upcoming absences

* SFF: 2018-04-14
* Whitmonday: 2018-04-21
