== Meeting 2018-04-09

=== Attendees

* Fabian Hauser, fhauser
* Raphael Zimmermann, rzimmerm
* Prof. Dr. Andreas Steffen, SFF

Minute Taker: rzimmerm

=== Agenda

. Current State and Next Steps
. Administrative Tasks
. Date and time for the next meeting

=== Discussions / Decisions

. Current State and Next Steps
    * rzimmerm presents a demo of the current client
    * fhauser explains the TLS client certificate issues we encountered in the last weeks.
    * SFF suggest to make and document assumptions (eg. nginx and openfire are co-located) and begin with the implementation
    * SFF suspects issues with the XMPP client libraries
. Administrative Tasks
    * Intermediate Presentation: SFF suggest we do this in the next three weeks with a working demo including XMPP
    * Final Presentation:
        * 2018-06-27 is the ideal date for rzimmerm and fhauser
        * We will contact Prof. Dr. Thomas Bocek concerning this date
        * SFF will contact Dr. Ralf Hauser
. Date and time for the next meeting
    * Next weekly meeting on 2018-04-16

=== Upcoming absences

_none_
